# IMS-CDA
Emerging evidences indicate that circular RNA (circRNA) has been an indispensable role in the pathogenesis of human complex diseases and many critical biological processes. Using circRNA as a molecular marker or therapeutic target opens up a new avenue for our treatment and detection of human complex diseases. The traditional biological experiments, however, are usually limited to small-scale and time consuming, so the development of effective and feasible computational-based approach for predicting circRNA-disease associations is receiving increasingly favored. In this study, we propose a new computational-based method, named IMS-CDA, to predict potential circRNA-disease associations based on multi-source biological information. More specifically, IMS-CDA combines the information from the disease semantic similarity, the Jaccard and Gaussian interaction profile kernel similarity of disease and circRNA, and extracts the hidden features using Stacked Auto-Encoder (SAE) algorithm of deep learning. After training in Rotation Forest (RF) classifier, IMS-CDA achieves 88.08% AUC with 88.36% accuracy at the sensitivity of 91.38% on CIRCR2Disease dataset. Compared with the state-of-the-art SVM and KNN models and different descriptor models, IMS-CDA achieves the best overall performance. In case studies, 8 of the top 15 circRNA-disease associations with the highest prediction score were confirmed by recent literature. These results indicated that IMS-CDA has outstanding ability to predict new circRNA-disease associations and can provide reliable candidates for biological experiments. 
